"""
    CS5001 Final Project
    Design of the Puzzle Slider Game
    Wan-Ting Yun
    NUID 002745697
"""

The program was constructed by both procedural and object-oriented. First, the class Puzzle is used
to store the information of each position of the puzzle. Also, by declaring a class variable, the
current status of the blank square can be called without any instance. The is_adjacent function does
not exclude the possibility of clicking on the blank square itself, so it is excluded in the function
named click_on_puzzle.Second, the instances of the class Puzzle are stored in a list, so it can be
iterated when needed.

Several global variables are declared at the beginning of the code because I would like to change
their values depending on the current situation. The flag variable is set up for checking whether
the reset button is clicked, so when the user clicks reset and then clicks other buttons, the winner
message will not pop up. The check_puzzle_file function is constructed by importing the os module to
catch the .puz files in a designated directory. The leader_board function is separated into two modes.
The mode "r" is used to read the file and demonstrate the content of file on the screen, while the
mode "a" means appending the new leaders in the document.

As for the turtles, different situations require different instances of turtles so that the when the
clear() function is called, the whole screen will not disappear. Lastly, my algorithm for the bonus
point is that odd-sized puzzles are solvable if the number of inversions is even, while even-sized
puzzles are solvable if the number of inversions plus the row of the blank square is odd. An inversion
is any pair of tiles i and j where i > j but i appears after j when cconsidering the board in row-major
order. In that case, the compare_value function is used to count the inversions whereas the is_solvable
function is designed to find the row of the blank and follow the algorithm of a solvable puzzle.





Slider Puzzle. https://www.cs.princeton.edu/courses/archive/spring21/cos226/assignments/8puzzle/specification.php?fbclid=IwAR39hVwFXZKopEtVdoMtfuEe8SHHIQcsH9q-_eGiAFimnsR8a7L-R7fpJgc
